complication :　n. [C] 併發症 an extra medical problem which makes it more difficult to treat an existing illness 

drowsy :　adj. /ˈdraʊ.zi/ being in a state between sleeping and being awake 睡意朦朧的  
Ex: The room is so warm it's making me feel drowsy.   
drowsiness  n. 

indict : v. /ɪnˈdaɪt/  [legal] 控告，告發；起訴 If a law court or a grand jury indicts someone, it accuses them officially of a crime  
Ex: US Five people were indicted "for" making and selling counterfeit currency.

induce : 
1. v. [formal] 誘使；勸說 to persuade someone to do something  
   Ex: They induced her to take the job by promising editorial freedom.
2. v.  to cause something to happen 導致   
   Ex : Pills for seasickness often induce drowsiness(昏昏欲睡). 

decriminalize : v. /ˌdiːˈkrɪm.ɪ.nə.laɪz/ to stop something from being illegal 使合法化    
decriminalization : n. /ˌdiː.krɪm.ɪ.nə.laɪˈzeɪ.ʃən/ 

coercive : adj. /kəʊˈɜː.sɪv/ [formal] 強制的，強迫的；脅迫的  using force to persuade people to do things which they are unwilling to do 

secretive (+about): adj. [disapproving] People who are secretive hide their feelings, thoughts, intentions and actions from other people 遮遮掩掩的；守口如瓶的  
Ex : He's being very secretive about his new girlfriend.

smog : n. /smɒɡ/ air pollution, especially in cities, that is caused by a mixture of smoke, gases and chemicals （尤指城市中的）煙霧    
smoggy : adj. 

vice : n.  
1. [C or U] 墮落，邪惡；不良習氣，惡習 (a) moral fault or weakness in someone's character   
   Ex : Greed, pride, envy, dishonesty and lust are considered to be vices.
2. [U] （尤指與性或毒品有關的）罪行，道德敗壞行為 illegal and immoral activities, especially involving illegal sex, drugs, etc. 
   Ex : The chief of police said that he was committed to wiping out vice in the city.
   Ex : Hong Kong police plan to step up efforts against vice operations in the city following a massive crackdown on prostitution last week across the Chinese border.
   Ex : Other provinces including Zhejiang, Gansu, Shandong, Guangxi and Heilongjiang have conducted their own "vice raids" in recent days.
   Ex : The Chinese government has indicated that a "vice crackdown" has gone nationwide.
   Ex : The Chinese Ministry of Public Security on Sunday ordered police across China to step up efforts to tackle the "three vices" -- prostitution, gambling and drug trafficking.
3. 老虎鉗 ( US usually vise) 

crackdown : n. [C] when someone starts to deal with bad or illegal behaviour in a more severe way 制裁；處罰；打擊；鎮壓   
Ex : There has been a series of government crackdowns "on" safety in factories.

stopgap : n. [C] 權宜之計；臨時替代品 something intended for temporary use until something better or more suitable can be found 
Ex : Hostels are usually provided "as a stopgap" until the families can be housed in permanent accommodation.

makeshift : adj. 權宜的；臨時代用的 temporary and of low quality, but used because of a sudden need 

marsh : n./mɑːrʃ/ 沼澤；濕地 ground near a lake, river or the sea, that often floods and is always wet
marshes [plural] :  a large area of marsh 沼澤地帶 

Marshes are similar to swamps, but instead of trees they are dominated by grasses and reeds. 
They are generally rich with life, harboring many kinds of frogs, turtles, fish, and bird life.

A swamp is similar to a lake but it is much shallower. Swamps are covered with water, but this water is shallow enough to allow plants to grow, reaching the surface.
Swamps are generally dominated by water tolerant trees.

devout : adj. 虔誠的 believing strongly in a religion and obeying all its rules or principles

excusable : adj. deserving to be forgiven （行為）可原諒的，可諒解的
inexcusable :  adj. /ˌɪn.ɪkˈskjuː.zə.bl̩/ (of behaviour) too bad to be accepted （行為）不可原諒的，不可寬恕的     
inexcusably : adv. 

molest : v.  /məˈlest/ (ATTACK SEXUALLY) to touch or attack someone in a sexual way against their wishes 調戲；猥褻；對…進行性騷擾     
molestation :  n. /ˌmɒl.esˈteɪ.ʃən/ 

bask (+ in) : v./bæsk/ to lie or sit enjoying the warmth especially of the sun 曬太陽；取暖  
Ex :We could see seals on the rocks, basking in the sun.

fulfil :　v. to do something that is expected, hoped for or promised or to cause it to happen 實現；履行   
Ex : He has failed to fulfil his duties as a father.   
Ex : We're suing our suppliers for failing to fulfil their contract.

maintenance : /ˈmeɪn.tɪ.nənts/
n. the work needed to keep a road, building, machine, etc. in good condition 維護，保養
n. （法律規定離婚後須定期支付用以供養孩子或前配偶的）撫養費 money that a person must pay regularly by law in order to support their child or previous marriage partner after a divorce (= official end to a marriage)

hazy : /ˈheɪ.zi/
adj.　not remembering things clearly （記憶）朦朧的，模糊不清的 
adj. describes air or weather that is not clear, especially because of heat 霧濛濛的，空氣不清晰的（尤指熱天）

utmost :adj. /ˈʌt.məʊst/ used to emphasize how important or serious something is 最大的；極度的

subconscious : adj. /ˌsʌbˈkɒn.ʃəs/ 下意識的 Of or concerning the part of the mind of which one is not fully aware but which influences one's actions and feelings.   
Ex : Our subconscious mind registers things which our conscious mind is not aware of.

conscious : adj. /ˈkɒn.tʃəs/  (be conscious of sth/sb)意識到；察覺到；感覺到to notice that a particular thing or person exists or is present 

sobering : adj. making you feel serious or think about serious matters 令人警醒的，使人冷靜的  
Ex : a sobering thought 發人深省的想法

paralyzed : adj. /ˈpær.əl.aɪzd/ unable to move or act 癱瘓的   
Ex : The government seems paralysed by/with indecision.  
Ex : The accident left her paralysed from the waist down.

indecisive : adj. /ˌɪn.dɪˈsaɪ.sɪv/ not good at making decisions 優柔寡斷的，猶豫不決的

decisive : adj.　able to make decisions quickly and confidently, or showing this quality 果斷的，乾脆俐落的，明確的；有決斷力的

exposition : (EXPLANATION)/ˌek.spəˈzɪʃ.ən/ [formal] a clear and full explanation of an idea or theory 清楚詳盡的解釋；詳細闡述

demote : v. /dɪˈməʊt/ to lower someone or something in rank or position 使降職，使降級  
demotion   n. 
Ex : The captain was demoted (to sergeant) for failing to fulfil his duties. 

splatter :  /ˈsplæt.ər/ v.（使）（尤指黏稠的液體）潑濺 (especially of a thick liquid) to hit and cover a surface with small drops, or to cause this to happen   
Ex :  The bike was splattered with mud.

splash : /splæʃ/ v. （使）（液體）灑，濺，潑 If a liquid splashes or if you splash a liquid, it falls on or hits something or someone 
Ex : Water was splashing from a hole in the roof.

in the neighborhood of sth :  approximately    
Ex : We're hoping to get somewhere in the neighbourhood of £70 000 for our house.

restless : adj. 呆不住的；坐立不安的，焦躁的 unwilling or unable to stay still or to be quiet and calm, because you are worried or bored 

nutritious : adj. containing many of the substances needed for life and growth 
nutritional : adj. relating to nutrition

traitor : n. /ˈtreɪ.tər/ [disapproving] 背叛者，叛徒 a person who is not loyal or stops being loyal to their own country, social class, beliefs, etc. 

miraculous : adj. /mɪˈræk.jʊ.ləs/ very effective or surprising or difficult to believe 奇跡般的

confide : v. to tell something secret or personal to someone who you trust not to tell anyone else 吐露，傾訴（秘密） 
          Ex : He confided (to her) that his hair was not his own.

shared : adj. 分享的；共有的；共同的 owned, divided, felt or experienced by more than one person 
communal : adj. (SHARED) 公共的；共有的 belonging to or used by a group of people rather than one single person 

interfere with sth :　to prevent something from working effectively or from developing successfully  
　　　　　　　　　　　Ex : Even a low level of noise interferes with my concentration.

deprivation : n. [C or U] /ˌdep.rɪˈveɪ.ʃən/  
    when you do not have things or conditions that are usually considered necessary for a pleasant life 
    Ex : They used "sleep deprivation" as a form of torture. 

astute : /əˈstjuːt/ adj. 敏銳的；精明的 clever and quick to see how to take advantage of a situation 

canny : /ˈkæn.i/ adj.（尤指在生意或財務方面）精明的，機靈的 
    thinking quickly and cleverly, especially in business or financial matters 

cunning :  /ˈkʌn.ɪŋ/ adj. 狡猾的，狡詐的 
    describes people who are clever at planning something so that they get what they want, 
    especially by tricking other people, or things that are cleverly made for a particular purpose 

legendary : adj. very famous and admired or spoken about

rampant : adj.  /ˈræm.pənt/ (of something bad) getting worse quickly and in an uncontrolled way （不好的事情）猖獗的，泛濫的
Ex :  Disease is rampant in the overcrowded city.

elope (+with) : v. 私奔 to leave home secretly in order to get married without the permission of parents 

dowry : n. [C] /ˈdaʊ.ri/ 嫁妝

forced : adj. 
1. 被迫的 done against your wishes  
2. 不得已的 describes an action which is done because it is suddenly made necessary by a new and usually unexpected situation   
3. （笑或情感）勉強的；不真誠的 describes laughter, a smile or an emotion which is produced with effort and is not sincerely felt 
    Ex : She tried hard to smile but suspected that it looked forced.

complacent : adj./kəmˈplei.sənt/ [disapproving] 自滿的，自鳴得意的 feeling so satisfied with your own abilities or situation that you feel you do not need to try any harder 
Ex : We can't afford to become complacent about any of our products.

strengthen : verb [I or T]  to make something stronger or more effective, or to become stronger or more effective
weaken : verb [I or T] to (cause to) become less strong, powerful or determined

coordinated : adj.  
1.  effectively organized  
    Ex : The rebel troops have launched a coordinated attack on government soldiers.
2. （人）動作協調的，有協調性的 If a person is coordinated, they move in a very easy and controlled way, especially when playing sports or dancing 

organized : adj.  
1.  arranged according to a particular system  
    Ex : The letters had been placed in organized piles, one for each letter of the alphabet. 
2. （人）有條理的，有條不紊的 describes someone who is able to plan things carefully and keep things tidy 


rash : adj. careless or unwise, without thought for what might happen or result 輕率的；魯莽的；毛躁的
reckless : adj. doing something dangerous and not worrying about the risks and the possible results 魯莽的；輕率的；不顧後果的

ruthless : adj. not thinking or worrying about any pain caused to others; cruel 無情的；冷酷的；殘忍的

relentless : adj. continuing in a severe or extreme way 持續嚴厲的；持續強烈的  
             Ex : relentless heat 持續高溫

diverge : v. （道路）分叉；出現差異；發生分歧 to follow a different direction, or to be or become different 
Ex : They walked along the road together until they reached the village, but then their paths diverged.
Ex : Although the two organizations have worked together for many years, their objectives have diverged recently.
divergence : n. 
divergent : adj. 

converge :v. （幾條線或道路）會合，交會，匯合  If lines, roads or paths converge, they move towards the same point where they join or meet 
Ex : The paths all converge at the main gate of the park.
convergence : n. 
convergent : adj. 

absolve : [formal] 使免除（責任，義務等） (especially in religion or law) to free someone from guilt, blame, or responsibility for something.  
Ex :  The report absolved her from/of all blame for the accident.

concuss : v.　to give someone concussion
concussion : n. /kənˈkʌʃ.ən/ 腦震盪 temporary damage to the brain caused by a fall or hit on the head or by violent shaking 

amnesia : /æmˈniː.zi.ə/ 記憶喪失，健忘（症）

walk off (somewhere) : to leave a place because you are angry or unhappy about something

walkout : n.[C] （表示抗議的）退席，退場；罷工 the act of leaving an official meeting as a group in order to show disapproval, or of leaving a place of work to start a strike  

stereotypical : adj. having the qualities that you expect a particular type of person to have

uneasy : If you are uneasy, you are slightly worried or uncomfortable about a particular situation 不安的，焦慮的，擔心的

conflicted : adj. confused or worried because you cannot choose between very different ideas, feelings or beliefs, 
             and do not know what to do or believe 困惑的；矛盾的 
Ex : It seems that politicians, like ordinary citizens, are conflicted(矛盾的) about gambling. 

come about : to happen, or start to happen  Ex :　How did the problem come about in the first place?

damages [plural] [legal] : 賠償（金），賠款
compensation [U]: 賠償金；補償金

break even : to have no profit or loss at the end of especially a business activity 收支平衡；（尤指商業活動）不賺不賠  
Ex :  After paying for our travel costs, we barely (= only just) broke even.

collateral : n. 擔保品，抵押品 valuable property owned by someone who wants to borrow money which they agree will become the property of the company or person who lends the money if the debt is not paid back 
  Ex : She used/put up her house as collateral for a loan.
  
collateral : adj. 附帶的，次要的；（親戚）旁系的，非直系的 connected but less important, or of the same family although not directly related 

collateral damage : （戰爭中的）附帶性破壞，附帶損害 during a war, the unintentional deaths and injuries of people who are not soldiers, and damage that is caused to their homes, hospitals, schools, etc.

ruin :  [C] the broken parts that are left from an old building or town
We visited a Roman ruin. 我們遊覽了一處古羅馬遺址。

incoherent : adj. expressing yourself in a way that is not clear 語無倫次的
Ex : Through social media we have been able to find video of girls incoherent and passed out and almost like they are drugged being assaulted on the beaches of Panama City.

go viral : to become very popular very quickly

crumble : v.  
1. to break, or cause something to break, into small pieces （使）粉碎；（使）成碎屑  
   Ex : The cliffs on which the houses are built are starting to crumble.
2. to become weaker in strength or influence （力量和影響力）減弱，崩潰，瓦解，敗落
   Ex : Support for the government is crumbling.

crumbly : adj.  breaking easily into small pieces 易碎的；脆的   Ex : bread with a crumbly texture 

fend for yourself : to take care of and provide for yourself without depending on anyone else 照顧自己；自謀生計  

Given the "rapid advancements in" medical technology, "increased life expectancies", and the rising cost of health care, 
long term care planning is an "immensely important" social issue that affects 
not only the nearly 80 million baby boomers either in or planning for retirement, 
but also their families and loved ones.

upsetting : adj. making someone feel worried, unhappy or angry
disturbing : adj. making you feel worried or upset

talk sb into sth : to persuade someone to do something 說服（某人）做 (勸說)  
Ex :  He's against the idea, but I think I can talk him into it.

talk your way into/out of sth : to persuade people that you should do something/not do something by the reasons you give 遊說，勸說  
Ex :  You might be able to talk your way out of most things but you still have to clean the dishes!

glamorize :　v.　to make something seem better than it is and therefore more attractive 美化；使更有魅力 
Ex :　The ad glamorized life in the army, emphasizing travel and adventure.

glamorous : adj /ˈɡlæm.ər.əs/ attractive in an exciting and special way 有魅力的；令人嚮往的  Ex : a glamorous job

complicate　： v. to make something more difficult to deal with, do or understand 使複雜化；使更難懂；使更麻煩 
Ex :  It will only complicate the situation if we invite his old girlfriend as well.

standpoint :　ｎ. 觀點，立場

mentality : n. /menˈtæl.ə.ti/ a person's particular way of thinking about things 心態
Ex: I can't understand the mentality of people who hurt defenceless animals.

quantifiable : adj. /ˈkwɒn.tɪ.faɪ.ə.bl̩/ able to be measured
quantify :v. to measure or judge the size or amount of something

grudge [C]: n. /ɡrʌdʒ/  怨恨   
Ex :Philippa still "has/holds a grudge against" me for refusing to lend her that money.
Ex :I don't bear any grudge against you. 

draw a comparison :[formal] 作（比較）
draw a conclusion : 得出結論

slight : v. to insult someone by not paying them any attention or treating them as if they are not important 輕視，冷落；怠慢 

blur : n. something that you cannot remember or understand clearly  
Ex : It all happened so long ago that it's just "a blur" to me now.

insurance policy : 保險契約，保險單

commensurate : adj. [formal] in a correct and suitable amount compared to something else 相當的，相稱的  
Ex : a salary that is "commensurate with" skills and experience

frivolous : adj. 
1. behaving in a silly and thoughtless way when you should be serious 愚蠢輕浮的，不嚴肅的  
2. describes an activity or object which is silly or not important rather than useful or serious 無聊的；不重要的

vegetate : v. /ˈvedʒ.ɪ.teɪt/ to live in a way that has no physical and mental activity 過呆板單調的生活；懶散地生活  
Ex : A report has shown that children spend too much time "vegetating in front of the TV".

make for sth : to result in or make possible 導致；使成為可能
   Ex :  Having faster computers would make for a more efficient system.

callous : adj. /ˈkæl.əs/ unkind or cruel; without sympathy or feeling for other people 冷酷無情的；無同情心的，麻木不仁的
callousness n. 

demean : v. to cause someone to become less respected 羞辱，貶低
demeaning : adj. causing someone to become or feel less respected 羞辱的，貶低的  
   Ex : That advertisement is demeaning "to" women.

stuck-up : adj. [informal disapproving] too proud and considering yourself to be very important 自命不凡的，自視甚高的

prejudice  n. /ˈpredʒ.ʊ.dɪs/ 成見，偏見，歧視 :   prejudice "against" homosexuals

ritzy : adj. /ˈrɪt.si/ [old-fashioned informal] expensive and fashionable 豪華的；闊氣的

win sb over : 說服（某人） to persuade someone to support you or agree with you, often when they were opposed to you before 

stereotype : v.  對…形成刻板的看法；（尤指）對…有成見  Ex : The study claims that British advertising stereotypes women.

brink : n. /brɪŋk/  "on the brink of"
1. the point where a new or different situation is about to begin （事情發生的）邊緣；始發點 
   Ex : Extreme stress had driven him "to the brink of" a nervous breakdown. 
   Ex : Scientists are "on the brink of" (= extremely close to) a major new discovery.
   Ex :  If you find yourself "on the brink of" tears, just excuse yourself and step out for a minute or say you have to take a quick phone call.
2. the edge of a cliff or other high area （峭壁、崖的）邊緣 
   Ex : She was standing right on the brink of the gorge.

flinch : v. /flɪntʃ/
1. to make a sudden small movement because of pain or fear （因疼痛或恐懼）猛地一顫，畏縮，退縮
2. flinch from sth/doing sth : to avoid doing something that you consider unpleasant or painful 逃避（不快或痛苦的事）
   Ex : We must not flinch from difficult decisions.

impervious : adj. /ɪmˈpɜː.vi.əs/ describes a person who is not influenced or affected by something 不受影響的 
Ex : He is impervious "to" criticism and rational argument.

waver : v. 
1. to lose strength, determination or purpose, especially temporarily （尤指暫時地）動搖  
   Ex : He has never wavered "in" his support for the leader.
   Ex :  If you waver "in" your ideas or doubt yourself, that will only fuel the fire and give the snob free reign to make you feel terrible about yourself.
2. 2. If you waver between two possibilities, you cannot decide which of them to choose or you keep choosing one way and then the other （在兩個選擇之間）躊躇，猶豫不決 
   Ex : "What are you having?" "Er, I'm wavering "between" the fish soup and the mushroom tart."

orgy : n. /ˈɔː.dʒi/ an occasion when a group of people behave in a wild uncontrolled way, especially involving sex, alcohol or illegal drugs 
an orgy of sth [disapproving] : a period when there is too much of something, usually a bad or harmful activity

Monica Lewinsky :  I was branded as a tramp, tart, slut, whore, bimbo, and, of course, that woman.
tramp : /træmp/ US [slang disapproving] a woman who has sex often, with a lot of different partners
tart: /tɑːrt/ [very informal disapproving] a woman who intentionally wears the type of clothes and make-up that attract sexual attention in a way that is too obvious
bimbo : [slang disapproving]  a young woman considered to be attractive but not intelligent

laugh sth off : to make yourself laugh about something unpleasant in order to make it seem less important or serious 對…一笑置之

self-restraint : 自制 control of your own actions
unrestrained : not limited or controlled

self-indulgence : allowing yourself to have or do anything that you enjoy 自我放縱 (self-indulgent : adj.)

self-reliance : 自立；自力更生[approving] not needing help or support from other people   (self-reliant : adj. )

dire : adj. /daɪər/ very serious or extreme   Ex: These people are in dire need of help.

mushroom : v. to increase very quickly Ex : The number of computers in schools has mushroomed in recent years.
           n. 蘑菇；傘菌，蕈
          
foster : /ˈfɒs.tər/ v. to "encourage" the development or growth of ideas or feelings 鼓勵；促進；培養 
Ex : I'm trying to foster an interest in classical music "in" my children. 

fallback : adj.  describes a plan or position which can be used if other plans do not succeed or other things are not available 
（計劃等）應變的，退一步的  
  Ex :  Do we have a fallback position for these negotiations?

villain : n. /ˈvɪl.ən/  
  1.  流氓；惡棍  
  2. 反面人物；反派角色 a character in a book, play, film, etc. who harms other people 
  3. 首要危險；禍首 

bucket and mop 桶和拖把
dustpan and brush 簸箕和掃把

broom : /bruːm/ (BRUSH) 掃把 a brush with a long handle, used for cleaning the floor
brush : 掃把
dustpan : 簸箕 a flat container with a handle into which you brush dust and dirt

grime :/ɡraɪm/  污垢；塵垢；積垢 a layer of dirt on skin or on a building

persecute  v. /ˈpɜː.sɪ.kjuːt/ : （因種族、宗教、政治理念）迫害；虐待；煩擾，糾纏 
Ex: His latest film is about the experience of being persecuted "for" being gay.

second-hand smoke 二手煙 

vapour ( US vapor) /ˈveɪ.pər/ 蒸氣；霧氣 

diameter : /daɪˈæm.ɪ.tər/ 直徑   
radius : /ˈreɪ.di.əs/ 半徑
Ex : The diameter measures twice the radius. 直徑是半徑的兩倍

disciplined : adj.  behaving in a very controlled way 守紀律的，守規矩的

leftover : adj. 剩下的，留下的 describes part of something that has not been used or eaten when the other parts have been
leftovers [plural] (可吃)n. : food remaining after a meal
                        Ex : This recipe can serve four easily, and the leftovers are just as good eaten cold.

scraps [plural] (不可吃)n. /skræp/ : 廚餘 small bits of food which have not been eaten and which are usually thrown away 
scrap n. /skræp/ : 
  1. [C] 碎片，碎屑；少量（資訊） a small irregular piece of something or a small amount of information 
     Ex : Have you got a scrap of paper I could write on?
  2. [C] (ARGUMENT)   Ex : A couple of kids were "having a scrap" in the street.
  3. [U] (METAL)  old cars and machines or pieces of metal, etc. that are not now needed but have parts that can be used to make other things 廢料，廢品  
     Ex : We've sold our old car "for" scrap.
  
scrap v. /skræp/ : 
  1. 放棄；取消 to not continue with a system or plan  
     Ex :  They're considering scrapping the tax and raising the money in other ways.
  2. 銷毀；毀掉 to get rid of something which is no longer useful or wanted, often using its parts in new ways 
     Ex : Hundreds of nuclear weapons have been scrapped.
  3. 打架，吵架 to have a fight or an argument 

tooth decay  : when the hard surface of your teeth breaks down and exposes more sensitive parts
toothache : pain in your teeth

calorie intake : the amount of calories we eat in a period of time – a day, for example
複數: calories

confectionery : 甜食；糖果；巧克力 sweets (= small pieces of sweet food, made with sugar) or chocolates

rustic : adj.  simple and often rough in appearance; typical of the countryside.   Of or relating to the countryside; rural.

campground : a piece of land where people on holiday can camp, usually with toilets and places for washing

culminate in/with sth : v. /ˈkʌl.mɪ.neɪt/ If an event or series of events culminates in something, it ends with it, having developed until it reaches this point  
Ex : My arguments with the boss got worse and worse, and it all culminated in my deciding to change jobs.

dumbfounded ( also dumbstruck ) :  adj. so shocked that you cannot speak

plague : v. /pleɪɡ/ to cause worry, pain, or difficulty to someone or something over a period of time  
Ex : My shoulder's been plaguing me all week.

disown : v. to make it known that you no longer have any connection with someone that you were closely connected with.  
Ex : It's a story set in the last century about a girl whose parents disowned her when she married a foreigner.

renounce : v. [formal] to say formally or publicly that you no longer own, support, believe in, or have a connection with something.  
Ex : Her ex-husband renounced his claim to the family house. Gandhi renounced the use of violence.

go overboard with : [informal] to do something too much, or to be too excited or eager about something

dividend : n. (a part of) the profit of a company that is paid to the people who own shares in it.   Ex :  Dividends will be sent to shareholders.

pioneering : adj. using ideas and methods that have never been used before

plead : v.  /pliːd/ to make an urgent, emotional statement or request for something 乞求，懇求
plea : n. /pliː/  an urgent and emotional request 懇求，懇請

squarely : adv.  directly and certainly

justice will prevail : Its an old expression that basically refers to a situation where someone has done something wrong 
                       and by saying "justice will prevail" means that they will be punished for what they have done.
Ex : Tong's family is left to wonder whether justice will ever prevail.

divert (+ to): v[T] (CHANGE DIRECTION)
Ex : Our flight had to be diverted to Newark because of the storm.

mogul : n. /ˈməʊ.ɡəl/  An important or powerful person, especially in the motion picture or media industry.

distrust : the feeling of not trusting someone or something

paradigm : /ˈpær.ə.daɪm/ [formal] a model of something, or a very clear and typical example of something 範例，示例

accommodating : adj.   used to describe a person who is eager or willing to help other people, for example by changing his or her plans

get sth across  : (phrasal verb)  to manage to make someone understand or believe something    
                   Ex : We tried to "get our point across", but he just wouldn't listen.
get your strengths across  : make your abilities clear to somebody

compass : 指南針, 圓規, 界線
moral compass : a natural feeling that makes people know what is right and wrong and how they should behave 

be indifferent to : (NOT INTERESTED)
indifferent (adj) : (not good, but not very bad)

yawn :  /jɔːn/ 打呵欠

proclaim   v. :  [formal] to announce something publicly or officially, especially something positive

assortment : a group of different types of something    Ex :  an assortment of vegetables

an integral part of  : necessary and important as a part of a whole

flourishing : adj. growing or developing successfully

tout :/taʊt/  Attempt to sell (something), typically by pestering people in an aggressive or bold manner.

empathize (+with): v.  to be able to understand how someone else feels.  Ex :  It's very easy to empathize with the characters in her books.
empathetic (+towards): adj. Ex : she’s compassionate and empathetic towards her daughter.
empathy : n.[U] 

sympathize : v. to understand and care about someone's problems
sympathetic (+about) : adj. used to describe someone who shows, especially by what they say, that they understand and care about someone else's suffering
sympathy : n.    Ex : I went along to the funeral in order to "offer my sympathies".

compassion : a strong feeling of sympathy and sadness for the suffering or bad luck of others and a wish to help them
compassionate : adj  

pathetic : adj. causing feelings of sadness, sympathy, or sometimes lack of respect, especially because a person or an animal is suffering

apprehension : worry about the future, or a fear that something unpleasant is going to happen

misgiving : a feeling of doubt or worry about a future event

airtight  : adj. completely closed so that NO air can get in or out   Ex : an airtight container 保鮮盒

detergent : n. /dɪˈtɜː.dʒənt/ a chemical substance in the form of a powder or a liquid for removing dirt from clothes, dishes, etc.

洗碗精 dish soap ( US also "dish detergent", UK "washing-up liquid") a thick liquid detergent , added to hot water when washing pans, knives and forks, etc.

洗衣粉(精) washing powder/liquid  ( US "laundry detergent") : a detergent in the form of a powder or liquid that is used for washing clothes and other things made of cloth


disinfect : v. /ˌdɪs.ɪnˈfekt/ 給…殺菌，爲…除菌，替…消毒 to clean something using chemicals that kill bacteria and other very small living things that cause disease

debilitate : v. /dɪˈbɪl.ɪ.teɪt/ [formal]  to make someone or something physically weak

onslaught : n./ˈɒn.slɔːt/  a very powerful attack

underbelly (= weakest parts) ：Ex ： the soft underbelly of  
Ex：Small businesses are "the soft underbelly of" the British economy, and they need as much government support as possible.

flawed : adj. not perfect, or containing mistakes

misjudge ： v.  to form an opinion or idea about someone or something which is unfair or wrong
misjudgment ( also misjudgement)

skate over/round/around sth ： to avoid dealing completely with something or to fail to pay enough attention to it 
對…一帶而過；對…輕描淡寫 
Ex : I didn't understand what the teacher said about prepositions, because she only skated over it.

fend sth off : to avoid dealing with something that is unpleasant or difficult
Ex ： Somehow she managed to fend off the awkward questions.

make a profit/loss : to earn or lose more money than you spend

exaggerated : adj. 

immunize (against)： v.（通常指透過注射）使免疫 Ex ： Children are routinely immunized against polio(小兒麻痺). 
be immune to 免疫的

break the ice : [informal] 打破冷場

etiquette : /ˈet.ɪ.ket/ Social etiquette

penetrating : adj. 1. 響亮的，刺耳的  
                   2. 有洞察力的；目光銳利的 Ex : a penetrating mind 敏銳的頭腦
                   








